link some actions from readme and add libera addresses (#43)
celo-org/identity: asv2/README.md

    npm install @celo/identity
    ```

> 2. Set up your issuer (read "Authentication" section in [privacy.md](privacy.md#authentication)), which is the account registering attestations. When a user requests for the issuer to register an attestation, the issuer should [verify](protocol.md#verification) somehow that the user owns their identifier (ex. SMS verification for phone number identifiers).

Reviewer: I think this should be linked in the next step (step 3) instead, as interactions with ODIS and using the auth signer isn't actually done here

Reviewer: I can't seem to add the suggestion directly in this PR, but I would add to step 3:

> See the privacy doc for details on [authentication](privacy.md#authentication) and the [service context](privacy.md#service-context)

## 🚀 Examples

> The best place to get started is the [examples](examples) folder, which contains sample scripts that implement registration and lookups, using [ContractKit](https://docs.celo.org/developer/contractkit), [Ethers](https://ethers.org/), and [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.8.1/). See [Runtime Environments](privacy.md#runtime-environments) to find out about BLS to each environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best place to get started is the [examples](examples) folder, which contains sample scripts that implement registration and lookups, using [ContractKit](https://docs.celo.org/developer/contractkit), [Ethers](https://ethers.org/), and [web3.js](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/en/v1.8.1/). Make sure to also consult the [runtime environments](privacy.md#runtime-environments) section to ensure you're using the correct implementation for your project.
```
